Beta Test Notes.

We need you to tell us:
  * What your setup is:
       - Hardware platform (eg Sun Sparcstation 1+)
       - OS version (eg SunOS 4.1.2)
       - Windowing System (eg OpenWin 3, or MIT X11R5, DecWindows, etc)
       - Compiler used (eg gcc 1.37, vendor cc, etc)
       - any non-default Imakefile.Config -D flags
       - what version of Xtank that you are trying to run
  * If it works.
  * If it doesn't work.
  * If it doesn't work, and you know why it doesn't
  * If it almost works.
  * If you like it.
  * If you don't like it.
  * If it improves your sex life.

The "us" is stripes@eng.umd.edu and lidl@eng.umd.edu.  (With some
sometimes help from aahz@eng.umd.edu.)  Or if you like
"xtank@eng.umd.edu" -- this is the list of people who are interested
enough in xtank to want to hear all about it.  Be forwarned -- this
list is not for casual game-play comments -- if you are serious about
working on X-Tank, or want to know what is being considered for
future releases, this is the correct list.  Normally the list is
fairly quiet, but after a new release, it may get upwards of 40
messages a day.  To be added to the "xtank@eng.umd.edu" list send the
above "Beta Test Notes" info to xtank-request@eng.umd.edu along with
a request to be added to the list.

Note: requests to be added that are directed to the main mailing list
are most likely to be ignored, with extreme prejudice.

Our set-ups (where we test the release before shipping it):
    Sun3's running SunOS 4.1 and 4.1.1, using SUN_LWP, sun's cc
    Sun4's, running SunOS 4.1.1, using SUN_LWP, sun's cc
    DECstation 3100's, running Ultrix 4.1, using THREAD_MP, gcc 1.37
    DECstation 5000's, running Ultrix 4.2, using THREAD_MP, gcc 1.37

By the way, previous versions (before 1.2e) used "machtype" or it's
ilk to figure out if it was a VAX or a Sun, or whatever.  Since that
wasn't very portable for a while we used "arch", since that was
"standard" on in SunOS and BSD4.4 we used to use that.  But no
longer!

Now that we use a real Imakefile, we use the symbol that is defined
in the X11R4 or X11R5 source tree from MIT.  This is large and ugly,
and it shows in the Imakefile.  However, it is extremely portable
across *lots* of architectures.  After all, if you have X, you ought
to have xtank.  (The only thing that still requires some machine
intelligence is the Bin/xtank shell script.  You're on your own
there, sorry.)

						- stripes & lidl & aahz
